[notes for singing in square brackets]

[somewhat slow]
Hello

My name is Joe

And I work in a button factory

One day

My boss said to me

[boss voice, try to sound a bit different to normal singing voice]
"Are ya busy, Joe?"
[Hold the 'joe' for like a full bar or something]

I said "no"
["no" slightly deeper than usual joe singing voice, held for full bar like last line's 'joe']

He said

[pick up the tempo a bit, boss voice]
"Well then Joe,
I know what you can do.
We will make
A good worker out of you."

[Ok so these next lines are intended to sound like the 'tommy can you hear me/see me' motif lines from the musical 'Tommy' (by The Who) (it's used in a bunch of songs from it, forgot the titles of them), but in a call/response format in this instance (minimal time between lines). imma try to send you a link to what I'm after at some point]

[Boss voice]"Joey can you see this?"
[Joe] "Yes boss I can see this"
[Boss] "Do you know what this is?"
[Joe] "I don't know what this is"
[Boss (disappointed)] "Joey it's a button."
[Joe (realization)] "Oh so it's a button."
[Boss] "Joey can you press this?"
[Joe] "Yes boss I can press this."
[Boss] "Joey keep on press'n this" 
[Joe (spoken, no tune, taken somewhat aback)] "oh ok"

[pause for effect.]
[This next bit is spoken, akin to the majority of Alice's Restaurant or Albuquerque.]

So, there I was, my boss had just materialised out of nowhere, dragged me kicking and screaming out of my lovely day of getting paid to stand around doing nothing, shoving a button-shaped task right in front of me, and then just like that he vanished. But it wasn't like I had anything else to do, so I just hit that button. Do I have any idea what the button was for? No. And it wasn't like he was going to tell me, seeing as he didn't even bother to say goodbye. But I don't get paid to think here, I usually just get paid to stand around doing nothing. Or, in this particular situation, hit that button. Point is that I didn't really care what it was for, all I knew was that I had to press it. And so I continued doing that, for some time, until I was interrupted.

[Singing again now I guess, similar tune to "Hey Jude" (from the start). Boss singing voice.]

"Hey Joe,
How have you been?
Have you been doing
The job I gave you?

Remember
I'll make you a good worker.
So I shall ask
Have you been busy?"

[Joe]
"Hey boss,
I'm not busy
Unless you count this
button I'm pressing-"

[Boss, interrupting, slightly annoyed by hearing the "I'm not busy"]
"What's that?
You're really not busy?
Well then begin
To press this as well."

[Joe, spoken] oh.

[And back to Joe's spoken rambling, after a pause for effect]
And out of nowhere, yet another button materialised out of nowhere, my workload had just been doubled, and my boss vanished yet again. Well, I guess the boss had the button stashed away somewhere in preparation, and I guess it makes sense that a button factory such as this would have some buttons lying around, that kinda makes sense. But, of course, am I paid to work out if things make sense or not? No. That's the job of those stuck-up suits in the "Making Sense Department" in their office on the other side of the factory, who act all 'holier than thou' and refuse to come anywhere near everyone else here. And why would I want to be paid to work out whether or not things make sense when I could just stick to my usual job of being paid to stand around doing nothing? Although, I am currently in a predicament of being paid to stand around hitting two buttons instead. Wait, two buttons? That's twice as much work as I had earlier! And at least infinity times more work than usual (because, usually, I have 0 work, and infinity times 0 is still 0, and anything involving at least 1 button is more than 0 work, y'see?). Where was I again? Oh yeah. Hitting those buttons! I was full of rage, taking it out on those buttons, hitting them good and proper, when, out of the blue, guess who appeared out of nowhere?

[Singing again, Joe voice, not copying an existing tune for once]
My boss returned
Observing my work
As I hit
all those buttons.

He went up close
As if taking notes
Then he made
The same query

[Boss voice, spoken]
"Joe? You busy?"

[Resuming the tune from before the boss spoke, Joe voice]
I can't tell why
He asked me again
I thought it
Was obvious.

I am busy,
Surely he could see?
So I used
some sarcasm

[Joe (spoken, BLATANTLY SARCASTIC)] "No, I'm totally not busy at all, just got two buttons to push, infinitely more work than usual, work that you told me to do, but no, totally not busy"

[Singing again, resume tune]
[Boss]
That will not do!
You have work to do!
I can't let you
Be idle!

If that's the case
I'll find you more work!
So Joe, go press
this button!

[Not singing, Joe]
wat

[Back to rambling again with Joe]
So, out of nowhere, a third button appeared! That's 3 buttons now! That's more than 2! 
And still more than 0! What is up with the world today? Why am I now having to do work? I guess I probably should have listened to what my father said. And before you ask 'well, what did he say?', I'd encourage you to hit yourself over the head with a rolled-up newspaper, as that's a stupid question I obviously can't answer, because A: this is a pre-recorded song, not a live performance, and B: I literally just said I didn't actually listen to him in the first place. Which is a shame, because it might have been useful. You see, in my family, everyone works or has worked in button factories. I work in one, my father worked in one, same as his father, and his father, and his mother, and her father, and his roommate's second cousin's godfather, and his pet goat, and their father... And the really funny thing is that we've all worked here, in the exact same button factory. Now, I know I'm only paid to do nothing here (or I guess hit three buttons), and not to think, but I guess that this factory itself honestly doesn't make much sense, y'know? It's always appeared to exist, they pay me to sit around doing nothing (or I guess hit buttons), and I honestly don't know what this factory does. Does it actually produce buttons? Or does it produce something else? Does it even produce anything? And that's not the only thing that doesn't make sense. What are these buttons even used for? It doesn't look they're even wired to anything. Hell, that last button I was given is just casually floating in the air, not moving at all (relative to the planet I'm on of course, and I can still press it in like a normal non-floating button, but that's besides the point). And what's the deal with the boss here? Like I don't think he even actually has a name, I've only ever seen him referred to as 'the boss'. And then there's that whole 'appearing out of nowhere before summoning a button out of nowhere and then instantly disappearing' schtick. What sort of person does that? Like, I wouldn't casually teleport in front of you, give you a button, and then disappear. I think. Well, if I had the power to do that, I guess I would try it a couple of times for laughs, but, seeing as I don't have it, how would I know? And then there's the fact that I don't really see anyone else working here, besides me, the boss, and those suits in the  "Making Sense Department" (y'know, them, the guys I mentioned earlier?). Perhaps it's probably an elongated prank or something. Or maybe even a front for a money laundering organisation. In all fairness, that wouldn't surprise me. Because that's probably one of the most mundane reasons that could explain everything here. Chances are that it's actually even weirder. But yeah, this place is definitely starting to get to me. And I've had enough of it for one day. Hell, maybe even a lifetime. Y'know what, when the boss reappears, I'm going to make it very clear that I am done with all of this. Oh wait, speak of the devil...

[Sung in Boss voice. Similar tune to that "those magnificent men in those flying machines" theme tune (that sort of old-timey thing)]
"Oh Joey how's it going,
Are you doing the task?
And there's something else
That I would want to ask.

Now I know I might sound 
Like a broken record.
But, tell me Joey, how bu-"
[Cut off by Joe before finishing the line "busy are you?"]

[Joe, interjecting, frustrated]
Yes, I am smegging busy!

[Boss, trying to resume the tune before the interruption] "Well then, in that case -"

[Joe, interjecting yet again]
Y'know what, smeg this, I'm going home.

[Boss, attempting yet again to resume that ditty] "Let's get back to "
[Cut off before being able to say 'business']

[Joe, spoken, delivered in an aggressive, sharp, authoritative manner] shut.

[Pause for effect]

[Back to rambling]
So I clocked out, went home, had some food, and went to bed. It was a long, exhausting, day that day, and I needed to recover. After all, thinking is pretty darn exhausting.

I don't remember what I dreamt about that night, probably because I was so exhausted with everything going on that day.

I then woke up bright and early the following day, so I had plenty of time to eat, get changed, and clock back in at work for the next full day of work.

On that note, guess I should probably let you know about what I do at work. But, where are my manners, I haven't even introduced myself yet!

[Audio then loops back to the start]